hello everyone I hope you are very well and
good this time I bring you a
belgium school of belgium and gods that
in some previous video he had said that
the one that was going to bring her but there was no
had time with the 4-3-3 formation
option 5 starting with the goalkeeper that
for me there are no more options in question
of belgium is the best
courtois then we have defense
right finishing a very fast defense
90 rhythm 68 defense 69 of physique and
left defense so manga that this
player has a little bit that just
leave the eve 93 of rhythm 80 of 572 of
defense 140,000 coins in play on xbox
I do not know when it cost me a lot
get it because there is not in the market
but he is a player that has surprised me
a lot goes very well left defense
very very fast it defends very well then
we have a couple in the central laden
yesterday all together with yes controls
81 rhythm for nobody 78 rhythm
I decided for himself this couple because
it was also between company but what
I bow with this couple it was the
rhythm companies a little bit slower than
these two and I liked it very much despite
of not being very high was an 84 for
man and I think that also an 84 for
no one's going they 're tall but to make
a central defender because for me it is not
very high comparison of company that
is about 92 in height yes and yes badly
I remember but still they are players who
they go very well and that is the rhythm go
it compensates very well the defense come back
very well to defend are always good
positioned very good jump very good
physical and very good defense we have it in
the midfield to a trident that has
I liked it a lot and I still had to try
had tasted fellaini there was
tried widget I was missing for trying to
this player nainggolan and I have
surprised of the functioning of these
three if I thought that living live well
because I had already tried two of these
three more did not finish convincing me in
angola had not tried it much and are
players that have surprised me about
all fellaini I 've already brought in some
than another previous template and I follow it
saying does not have 65 of pace is a
player who feels much faster
we have wiesel on the field
with four series of watermarks that
They add up very well when attacking is
they are more very good with the attackers and
then we have to the platform golán that his
this impressive area of ​​89 rhythm
85 among 86 of the 88 dribbles 88 of
physical 85 defense simply in the
midfield are three players that what
they balance very well they have physical they have
has a very good balance defense and
they attack very well and defend very well
at the time of joining the attack on
all with widgets
I liked it a lot I was surprised
had the opportunity to throw some
that another shot from outside the area with
these players and they hit it very well not
not so much with fellaini but with angola ni
with widgets and finally going on with
the offensive part of this template that
I think you can imagine who they are
right end that was not me I did not
he had completely convinced he had not
tried so far of the cifa and looks
I wanted to put others at the mercy
but you can not get it in the market
because there is not and miranda was a player
I repeat I had not tried it at all
the fifa I ended up using it here because
I had more options and a player that
I was very surprised. I liked 88
rhythm does not have 88 rhythm I think that
has much more in the field of play it
feels very much faster player
good shot over all the definition
excellent definition very good agility
good dribble 46 is bad leg 4
then we have from left end to
God who more signatures left at home
I can not say anything bad about this
player since I have it has
delighted whenever I can put the
left end to always pass it
Pongo is a player who has always
rendered 95 of 91 rhythm of peace shot 94
of 98 dribble 77 of physicist is a
very complete player
I repeat that is one of the players that
more I liked to try in this fifa in
this version and its normal tent was very
well and the toxic is simply is
just a pass I liked
much later we have mediapunta to the
wind that this player usually me
I use it from mc or with other templates
especially with the Bundesliga but I wanted to
prove it here as playmaker was
between probable between center forward or
midfielder inclined me more for playmaker
because his natural position of
midfielder
I feared I was afraid it was me the
centrodelantero center I went to
go down to defend a little bit more than
normal so I bent over by
put him as a playmaker and the truth that I
has surprised and had not tried it
a lot and I liked it a lot
very fast 88 player of rhythm 95 of
shot 98 of step 82 of physical 94 of
dribble is a player that I repeat myself has
liked a lot is especially the shot the
shot in the definition and the shot that
They are spectacular they are very good
physical 81 is physical and to put it of
strikers inside mediapunta goes
excellent because they rarely reach it
knock down rarely came to remove the
ball and is a very agile player was very
easy to take the players with
this player without even the need
to make some dribble in special
and it's just going to be the best lava
with inertia the control it has of
the ball automatically made it
the defense will be
as you will see in the goals is a player
that stands out very well that so
general always goes hand in hand with the
very good rhythm 88 goalkeeper
good shot is that he is a player that
really liked the truth is that he had
tried very little offensive midfielder
and testing him as a forward midfielder
center I ended up liking a lot and I
I think I 'll leave it as in this
position I'm not going to finish it too
testing center forward because it's
one is a pass, there is no one who
who compares it who who what
had is a player that is very very
well it 's a little carlos or if to me
cost almost 700 thousand coins in the play in
your moment right now I do not know how much
neither in employment nor in what is voice is a
somewhat expensive template but I do not want it
do simply to see the
functioning of these cock yes and I have
liked a lot especially for those who
want to try a special player
as hazard every
olano huitzil fellaini are players who
they are very worth it, I think that here
the only two players Carlos
discount template are hasari and the
bridge the others I think I love them very
accessible and if you have the opportunity to
try them try the serious ones that I repeat
how they work is very good and
Well I hope you liked this
video if it's like that like subscribe to me
channel if they are not and see you in the
next